The police, charging people on horsebacks, up in Ogilvie, up in Yorkshire obviously.
Scargill leading the miners, threw it onto me like, you know, I believed and trusted the guy.
He never wavered one way or the other. Everything he said from day one, you know, he still maintains today.
Today, a lot of people have other political views. We all know about Thatcher, we all know about MacGregor,
the way they were portrayed on television.
But she's probably one of the most hated women in the world for what she did.
She destroyed our communities, and such, and we were on different parts of South Wales,
you know, the former coal mining communities, you know, there's nothing there.
You take this valley now, the biggest employer in the Rhondda bach is Ferndale Comprehensive School.
There's about 60 teachers there. It's the biggest employer.
When you consider in Ferndale alone, at one time, like over a thousand men working in Ferndale,
same in Mardie, same in Tylestown, everything is gone.
Because when you left school, there was always a job to go to in the colliery, you know, if your parents would let you go.
Certainly mine didn't, first of all. Father was dead against it because he had a bad accident in the ground,
and he obviously didn't want me to go, but I did eventually go, but he won't let me go in the ground.